# radarChart-comp Interactive Visualization

The dataset contains various variables belonging to service attributes and key performance attributes. First, the data is analyzed, cleaned and transformed to give list of players who have played more than 20 matches (to make the visualization more accurate). The csv file is then parsed into d3, which is then visualized in the form of radar chart. The data is normalized to accommodate different scales in radar.
The design is made as simple as possible to make the interactions easy. The visualization contains two radars, representing service attributes and match performance attributes respectively. A list of players who have played more than 20 matches in US Open is given below the radar charts. 
The buttons can be clicked to display the service attributes and key performance attributes of the player visually in radar separately. More than one button can be clicked to compare the attributes of different players in each area of play. This gives a clear idea on how different the players are from each other. Each player is represented with different color in radar to easily identify the attributes. When hovered, radar color gets highlighted and player name gets displayed on the polygon area in radar. The end points of the polygon show the value of the corresponding attribute which is also displayed when hovered. The player can be deselected by clicking on the button again.
The radar chart gives a clear idea on where the strengths of a player lies, and also shows the differences in play among various players.
